android.app.ActivityManager.getRunningTasks(int)
android.content.ContentResolver.delete(android.net.Uri, java.lang.String, java.lang.String[]) content://com.android.browser/history
android.content.ContentResolver.delete(android.net.Uri, java.lang.String, java.lang.String[]) content://logs/historys
android.content.ContentResolver.delete(android.net.Uri, java.lang.String, java.lang.String[]) content://mms
android.content.ContentResolver.delete(android.net.Uri, java.lang.String, java.lang.String[]) content://mms-sms
android.content.ContentResolver.delete(android.net.Uri, java.lang.String, java.lang.String[]) content://mms/address
android.content.ContentResolver.delete(android.net.Uri, java.lang.String, java.lang.String[]) content://mms/inbox
android.content.ContentResolver.delete(android.net.Uri, java.lang.String, java.lang.String[]) content://mms/outbox
android.content.ContentResolver.delete(android.net.Uri, java.lang.String, java.lang.String[]) content://mms/part
android.content.ContentResolver.delete(android.net.Uri, java.lang.String, java.lang.String[]) content://mms/sent
android.content.ContentResolver.delete(android.net.Uri, java.lang.String, java.lang.String[]) content://sms
android.content.ContentResolver.delete(android.net.Uri, java.lang.String, java.lang.String[]) content://sms/inbox
android.content.ContentResolver.delete(android.net.Uri, java.lang.String, java.lang.String[]) content://sms/sent
android.content.ContentResolver.registerContentObserver(android.net.Uri, boolean, android.database.ContentObserver) content://browser/bookmarks
android.content.ContentResolver.registerContentObserver(android.net.Uri, boolean, android.database.ContentObserver) content://browser/searches
android.content.ContentResolver.registerContentObserver(android.net.Uri, boolean, android.database.ContentObserver) content://call_log/calls
android.content.ContentResolver.registerContentObserver(android.net.Uri, boolean, android.database.ContentObserver) content://com.android.browser/history
android.content.ContentResolver.registerContentObserver(android.net.Uri, boolean, android.database.ContentObserver) content://com.android.chrome.browser/bookmarks
android.content.ContentResolver.registerContentObserver(android.net.Uri, boolean, android.database.ContentObserver) content://com.android.chrome.browser/history
android.content.ContentResolver.registerContentObserver(android.net.Uri, boolean, android.database.ContentObserver) content://settings/system
android.content.ContentResolver.registerContentObserver(android.net.Uri, boolean, android.database.ContentObserver) content://sms/
android.net.wifi.WifiManager.setWifiEnabled(boolean)
android.os.PowerManager$WakeLock.acquire()
android.os.PowerManager$WakeLock.release(int)
android.telephony.TelephonyManager.getDeviceId()
android.telephony.TelephonyManager.getLine1Number()
android.telephony.TelephonyManager.getSimSerialNumber()
java.net.Socket.<init>()
java.net.URL.openConnection()
